Hello, welcome one more day to the channel and
today I am again with the going though
what are we going to do is tired of hair
this and you want to dye then what
let's do substitute
and put on a towel
we have already removed a pot of cream
developer and 15 and now to not create
the cuts we're going to make another ring
this is the fifth
the brand is evident
we remove it until it is seen
first because it 's a bit strange
yes
ah
plus
but until it comes out
but still for everything
if it's red today because it's not much
better before I liked very much the
religions
in our house
and with this
thank you very much for joining us
that the next video we will make a challenge is
another challenge
which also not
so now there is this more loose and
year
yes
good, thank you very much
Y